feat(import-styles): init (#399)
catppuccin/userstyles: README.md

## 🖥️ Install

Install [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus) for your chosen browser.
   - [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/styl-us/)
   - [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne)

### All Userstyles

> 1. Download [the Stylus export](https://github.com/catppuccin/userstyles/releases).

Reviewer: Should point to that release here as well

> ### All Userstyles:
> 
> 1. Download [the Stylus export](./scripts/dist/import.json?raw=true).
> 2. Open the Stylus "manage" page.
> 3. Locate backup (on the left bar) and select import.
>    - Select the downloaded file.
> 4. Enjoy!
> 
> ### Individual Userstyles:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### All Userstyles

1. Download [the Stylus export](./scripts/dist/import.json?raw=true).
2. Open the Stylus "manage" page.
3. Locate backup (on the left bar) and select import.
   - Select the downloaded file.
4. Enjoy!

### Individual Userstyles
```

## 🖥️ Install

> To install all userstyles with recomended settings:
> 
> 1. Download [this](./compiled.json?raw=true).
> 2. Open the stylus manage page.
> 3. Locate backup (on the left bar) and select import.
>    - And select the downloaded file.
> 4. Enjoy!
> 
> To install these indvidual userstyles:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install all userstyles with the recommended settings:

1. Download [the Stylus export](./compiled.json?raw=true).
2. Open the Stylus "manage" page.
3. Locate backup (on the left bar) and select import.
   - Select the downloaded file.
4. Enjoy!

To install these individual userstyles:
```

> 1. Install [Stylus](https://github.com/openstyles/stylus).

Reviewer 3: I'd make use of subheadings (`##`) to give the steps some visual prominence, also it's a bit odd how the steps assume different starting points, the everything section assumes you already have stylus installed but the individual one doesn't? You should move up the stylus install instructions to the top level, something like the following:

```
## Install

<stylus install instructions>

### Everything
<how to import the compiled json>

### Individual
<how to install the individual theme>
```
